Python is one of the best programming languages that is used for the domain of Data Science.Python is one of the best programming languages that is used for the domain of Data Science.What will you learn in this Python for Data Science training?

What will you learn in this Python for Data Science training?
Introduction to Python for Data Science
OOP concepts, expressions and functions
What is SQLite in Python, operations and classes
Creating Pig and Hive UDF in Python
Deploying Python for MapReduce programming
Real-world Python for Data Science projects

To learn coding and pattern in python see my python tutorial.

The intermediate python course is crucial to your data science curriculum. Learn to visualize real data with matplotlib's functions and get to know new data structures such as the dictionary and the Pandas DataFrame. After covering key concepts such as boolean logic, control flow and loops in Python, you're ready to blend together everything you've learned to solve a case study using hacker statistics
1
Matplotlib
Data Visualization is a key skill for aspiring data scientists. Matplotlib makes it easy to create meaningful and insightful plots
2
Dictionaries & Pandas
Learn about the dictionary, an alternative to the Python list, and the Pandas DataFrame, the de facto standard to work with tabular data in Python.
3
Logic, Control Flow and Filtering
Boolean logic is the foundation of decision-making in your Python programs. Learn about different comparison operators, how you can combine them with boolean operators and how to use the boolean outcomes in control structures.
4
Loops
There are several techniques to repeatedly execute Python code. While loops are like repeated if statements; the for loop is there to iterate over all kinds of data structures.








Regression Analysis
What is Regression Analysis?
Regression analysis is a form of predictive modelling technique which investigates the relationship between a dependent (target) and independent variable (s) (predictor). This technique is used for forecasting, time series modelling and finding the causal effect relationship between the variables. For example, relationship between rash driving and number of road accidents by a driver is best studied through regression.

There are multiple benefits of using regression analysis. They are as follows:

It indicates the significant relationships between dependent variable and independent variable.
It indicates the strength of impact of multiple independent variables on a dependent variable.





















