If you want to do data science, you’re going to have to deal with math. If you’ve completed a math degree or some other degree that provides an emphasis on quantitative skills,
In this post, we’re going to explore what it means to do data science and talk about just how much math you need to know to get started.
Learning statistics is a great start, but data science also uses algorithms to make predictions. 
These algorithms are called machine learning algorithms and there are literally hundreds of them. 
Covering how much math is needed for every type of algorithm in depth is not within the scope of this post, 
I will discuss how much math you need to know for each of the following commonly-used algorithms:
1-Linear Regression,2-Logistic Regression,3-Naive Bayes,4-Neural Networks,5-K-Means clustering,6-Decision Trees.

1-LINEAR REGRESSION

Linear regression is the most basic type of regression. 
It allows us to understand the relationships between two continuous variables.In the case of simple linear regression, this means taking a set of data points and plotting a trend line that can be used to make predictions about the future.
That mathematical function can then be used to make predictions about expected future results in DataScience Mmathematical functions are referred to as models. 
In the case of linear regression, the model can be expressed as:

                  y = a0 + a1x1 + a2x2 +.........anxn, 
where a0, a1,...an,  represent the parameter values specific to the data set x1, x2,....xn, represent the feature columns we choose to use in out model,
and y represents the target column.
As the Linear Regression is also Called as BESTFIT LINE.
To find the optimal parameters for a linear regression model, we want to minimize the model’s residual sum of squares. 
Residual is often referred to as the error and it describes the difference between the predicted values and the true values. 
The formula for the residual sum of squares can be expressed as:             
                 
